h1. enchant

h2. Introdution

Enchant is is tool aimed to discover web application directory and pages by fuzzing the requests using a
dictionary approach.

The purpose is for security guys to discover a web application exposed paths without knowing anything about
the app they have to test.

Enchant doesn't perform any DoS attack (unless used as HTTP flooder, but please use it only for the systems
you're allowed to), it plays just with HTTP GET observing the return code.

Please be ethical and use this tool only against website you're allowed to stress test.

h2. Usage

h3. HTTP Flooder

You can use enchant to flood you web server with HTTP GET / requests in order to test performance and/or stress stess your app.
You can do this with the following

<pre>
	bin/enchant -f 20 -H localhost -p 80
</pre>


This one tells enchant to flood (<code>-f</code>) the host localhost (<code>-H</code>) onto port 80 (<code>-p</code>). The number of flooding requests is the -f parameter argument, that is required.

Of course you can also use

<pre>
	bin/enchant -f 20 www.some.org
</pre>

h3. Fuzzer

You can use enchant to discover web application folders just specifying the URL and using a default wordlist file called basic.txt (not yet provided)

<pre>
	bin/enchant www.some.org
</pre>

Or you can also use the wordlist you love most

<pre>
	bin/enchant -w mylist.txt www.some.org
</pre>

h2. Install

<pre>sudo gem install enchant</pre>

h2. Develop

If you want to help in developing enchant, please fork the project, go on in hacking, submit me the patches
and I'll merge into the main repo.

h2. License

[The "BSD licence"]
Copyright (c) 2010 Paolo Perego, paolo@armoredcode.com
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.